how's it going guys tactics HD here
being a quick NHL 14 hockey latine video
let's peel guys I mean showing you the
new consumable cards so as you guys know
where you at least you shouldn't know if
you can watch my videos now NHL 14 the
cards were booked jumped into three
tiers that's bronze silver and gold and
now all the consumable cards at least
all the ones I've seen so far all bronze
cards to be very interesting to see
which are bronze which is over which are
gold so first off guys enjoy by showing
you Henrik Zetterberg and see here
Skeeter classified defense skater plus
for shooting both of these cards are
bronze actually had a plus-7 goalie or
so I plus seven high for Jonathan Quick
and that was also bronze cards so I
would assume that would've been a silver
card something in that range but that's
also a bronze if you guys remember NHL
13 captain and assistant captain courage
you get in rookie packs which makes me
believe that those are probably any
bronze as well obviously it's not
confirmed just you know my guess we're
you guys gonna show you Stephen camps
Steven Stamkos sorry as you can see
three sided right wing cards all three
of these are bronze so this is actually
really big deal guys if you remember
position cards in the last game are very
expensive that's because they are rare
so they're harder to get also you know a
lot of people wanted them for the
chemistry purposes now if their bronze
cards you're gonna be getting them a lot
easier because you be able to get them
in a bronze pack which will be the
cheapest pack so i'll have a big toll on
their price in the market the links
actually might be a good thing because
you know a lot of people to actually get
better chemistry because not going to
cost them you know an arm and a leg just
to change their players position that's
actually able to allow you to make the
ultimate team you want without spending
a bunch of pucks so that's good to know
guys I mean turn the right wing in the
last game that have charged you like
what 5k pox I think probably more
because its standard with a wing which
is the most expensive one who's willing
to sign those cheap so yeah that cost so
much now that's a bronze card probably
going to cost less than half that right
here guys camp file you can see left d
to write d also bronze so all opposition
cards are bronze so far all the skater
and glee a tree cards I've seen a bronze
like i said i'm assuming captain and
alternate captains or bronze change team
i could probably see those being silver
maybe those even bronso so interesting
to see what happens guys thought i'd
show that with you though to show you
that you know it's going to be easy to
make your true ultimate team with full
of chemistry in the next game besides
that guys hope you out the video stay
tuned yhl 14 videos and have a nice day
guys goodbye